I first, I thought the best way to approach this project was the give Chatgbt the original code and slowly ask it to make small changes one at a time. This way I had more control to make edits in between and really understand what was going on. It started out working great but then at a certain point, when I would ask it to make a change, it would overwrite previous work I did no matter what prompt I gave it. It mostly would clear all the colors and fonts for the text and mess up the background boxes after I was happy with what it looked like. 

Then I tried to give Chatgbt one big prompt of what I wanted but that didn’t work. This was a problem because it changed all the code and the product was not close to what I wanted. I’m sure that that is because my prompt wasn’t specific enough but at this point, I would much rather edit the code myself than work on my description of what I wanted.

What I found worked best for me was trying to do this project myself and when I couldn’t find what in the code to edit, I would ask chatgbt a specific question “If I want to change this, where do I do that?” Chatgbt then started telling me where I needed to make specific changes to the code rather than rewriting all the code for me and overwriting stuff I had already done. This is the system I see myself using from now on because it worked the best for me. This also helped me gain a much better understanding of what was really going on in my code.

One thing I did find helpful in Chatgbt was I took a small screenshot of different colors on the website and asked it for the hex values of those colors. While it wasn’t 100% correct, it was a good starting point to play around with the hex values to get as close as possible. Overall I am proud of how close I got my website to look like the screenshot.
